clarify batch issuance requirements (#229)
openid/OpenID4VC-HAIP: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

Both Wallet initiated and Issuer initiated issuance are supported.

> The Wallet MUST support batch issuance. The Issuer MUST indicate whether batch issuance is supported by including or omitting the `batch_credential_issuance` metadata parameter. The Issuer’s decision may be influenced by various factors, including, but not limited to, trust framework requirements, regulatory constraints, applicable laws or internal policies.

Reviewer: Paul opened #260 for the single-use discussion.

Here's an updated suggestion based on WG feedback:

```suggestion
If the Issuer supports batch issuance, the Wallet SHOULD NOT make multiple requests for a single copy of the same credential in a short space of time. The Issuer MUST indicate whether batch issuance is supported by including or omitting the `batch_credential_issuance` metadata parameter. The Issuer’s decision may be influenced by various factors, including, but not limited to, trust framework requirements, regulatory constraints, applicable laws or internal policies.
```

> The Wallet MUST support batch issuance. For each Credential Configuration, the Issuer MUST indicate whether batch issuance is supported by including or omitting the `batch_credential_issuance` metadata parameter. The Issuer’s decision may be influenced by various factors, including, but not limited to, trust framework requirements, regulatory constraints, applicable laws or internal policies.

Reviewer: I don't think so, or at least this language isn't strong enough that I feel we'd have justification to implement a conformance test that required that - `batch_credential_issuance` is at the issuer level, but in the general case it's possible an issuer might have some credentials that have linkability issues and need batch issuance, and some that don't...

> The Wallet MUST support batch issuance. For each Credential Configuration, the Issuer MUST indicate whether batch issuance is supported by including or omitting the `batch_credential_issuance` metadata parameter. The Issuer’s decision may be influenced by various factors, including, but not limited to, trust framework requirements, regulatory constraints, applicable laws or internal policies.

Reviewer 2: I am not really a fan of option 2. I agree that it's better to send a single request if it's all at once, but there are some cases where sending a request for 1 might make sense:

- Initial pull for a single credential where an issuer might have to defer when returning a large batch
- When only a single new credential is needed as only one has been used
- Using some sort of rolling fetch policy to have a rotating set of credentials

Given mandating it doesn't improve inter-op nor privacy and only might, in some cases, improve efficiency (while limiting optimizations in others) I'd prefer option 1.

> The Wallet MUST support batch issuance. For each Credential Configuration, the Issuer MUST indicate whether batch issuance is supported by including or omitting the `batch_credential_issuance` metadata parameter. The Issuer’s decision may be influenced by various factors, including, but not limited to, trust framework requirements, regulatory constraints, applicable laws or internal policies.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Wallet MUST support batch issuance. The Issuer MUST indicate whether batch issuance is supported by including or omitting the `batch_credential_issuance` metadata parameter. The Issuer’s decision may be influenced by various factors, including, but not limited to, trust framework requirements, regulatory constraints, applicable laws or internal policies.
```
Batch issuance is a server-wide setting, so cannot be done per credential configuration.

> The Wallet MUST support batch issuance. For each Credential Configuration, the Issuer MUST indicate whether batch issuance is supported by including or omitting the `batch_credential_issuance` metadata parameter. The Issuer’s decision may be influenced by various factors, including, but not limited to, trust framework requirements, regulatory constraints, applicable laws or internal policies.

Reviewer 3: Imo:
- Wallet MUST support batch issuance to lower impact/load for Credential Issuers that want to use it (instead of sending single requests)
- Credential Issuer knows his use case best
  - if a single credential makes sense -> do not offer batch issuance and signal Wallet to keep the single one
  - if batch issuance makes sense -> offer batch issuance, Wallet SHOULD fetch *up to* `size` and refill by it's own policy

> The Wallet MUST support batch issuance. For each Credential Configuration, the Issuer MUST indicate whether batch issuance is supported by including or omitting the `batch_credential_issuance` metadata parameter. The Issuer’s decision may be influenced by various factors, including, but not limited to, trust framework requirements, regulatory constraints, applicable laws or internal policies.

Reviewer 3: Who decides whether credentials should be used in a one time usage policy, the wallet or the issuer? I think it's the issuer..

> The Wallet MUST support batch issuance. For each Credential Configuration, the Issuer MUST indicate whether batch issuance is supported by including or omitting the `batch_credential_issuance` metadata parameter. The Issuer’s decision may be influenced by various factors, including, but not limited to, trust framework requirements, regulatory constraints, applicable laws or internal policies.

Reviewer 2: Functionally, the Wallet is the only one that has enough information to do it today. It would be nice for Issuers to send a signal, if for example the issuer knows every presentation *must* be fully identifying then encoding that. 

IMO mandating something that is performance related, not inter-op related is difficult just because there tends to be so many edge cases in the real world. It does feel like issuers do already have tools in place to deal with overloading wallets (they can load-shed the extra requests, or defer and batch the operations using a rotating job). 

I think it'd be reasonable to mandate that issuers support a batch size equal to the amount the ecosystem expects the wallet to maintain on the device, and when that is available strongly recommend that a Wallet use that rather than parallel requests. (The one case I could see wanting otherwise would be wanting a single credential quickly and a batch slowly when none are currently available on the device. This could (potentially substantially) improve user experience given we don't allow partial returns, especially for JIT issuance flows).

> If the Issuer supports batch issuance, the Wallet SHOULD NOT make multiple requests for a single copy of the same credential in a short space of time. The Issuer MUST indicate whether batch issuance is supported by including or omitting the `batch_credential_issuance` metadata parameter. The Issuer’s decision may be influenced by various factors, including, but not limited to, trust framework requirements, regulatory constraints, applicable laws or internal policies.

Reviewer: Discussed on today's EU call - consensus that Oliver's suggestion looks good.
